1. Tariff

The tariff is for the room only and is exclusive of any government taxes applicable Meals and other services are available at extra cost. To know your room tariff, please contact the Duty Manager, guest registration forms must be signed on arrivals.

2. Settlement Of Bills

Bills must be settled on presentation, personal cheques are not accepted.

3. Company's Lien On Guest's Luggage And Belongings

In the case of default in the payment of dues by a guest, the management shall have the linen on their luggage and belongings, and be entitled to detain the same and to sell or auction such property at any time without reference to the guest. The net sale proceeds will be appropriate towards the amount due by the guest without prejudice to the management's rights to adopt such further recovery proceedings as my be required.

4. Check-in 

Please present your ID card, Passport or Temporary Residence Card upon Check-in. By Law visitors must present personal documents for hotel records. These documents will be returned upon departure.

5. Departure

Check out time is ( mention your checkout time here ) please inform the reception if you wish to retain your room beyond this time. The extension will be given depending on the availability. If the room is available, the normal tariff will be charged. On failure of the guest to vacate the room on expiry or period the management shall have the right to remove the guest and his/her belongings from the room occupied by the Guest.

6. Luggage Storage

Subject to availability of the storage space, the guest can store luggage in the luggage room, at the guest's sole risk as to loss or damage from any cause, Luggage may not be stored for a period of over 30 days.

7. Guest's Belongings

Guests are particularly requested to lock the door of their rooms when going out going to bed. For the convenience of the Guest, electronic safety lockers are provided in the room to store any valuables.

The Management will not in any way whatsoever be responsible for any loss / or damage to the Guest's belongings or any other property from either the hotel room or the locker or any other part of the hotel for any cause whatsoever including theft of pilferage.

8. Pets

Mention your policy for Pets ( allowed or not- allowed ) / (Allow us to make separate arrangements. )

9. Hazardous Goods

Bringing goods and/or storing of raw or exposed cinema films, or any other article of a combustible or hazardous nature and/or prohibited goods and/or goods of objectionable nature is prohibited.

The Guest shall be solely liable and responsible to the management, its other guests, invitees visitors, agents and servants for all loss financial or otherwise and damage that may be caused by such articles or as a result of the guests' own negligence and non-observance of any / instructions.

Gambling, contraband, prostitution, weapons, explosives, flammable objects, poisons, drugs, animals and pungent food are strictly prohibited on hotel premises.

10. Damage to Property

The guest will be held responsible for any loss or damage to the hotel property caused by themselves, their guests or any person for whom they are responsible.

11. Management's Rights

It is agreed that the guest will conduct him/ herself in a respectable manner and will not cause any nuisance or annoyance within the hotel premise.

The Management has the right to request any guest to vacate his/her room or other areas of the hotel forthwith, Without previous notice and without assigning any reason whatsoever, and the guest shall be bound to vacate when requested to do so. In case of the default, the Management has the right to remove the Guest luggage and belongings from the room occupied by him/her.

12. Relation between Management and Guest

Nothing hereinabove shall continue or be deemed to constitute, or create any tenancy or sub-tenancy, or any other right to interact in the hotel premises or any part of portion thereof, in favour of any Guest or resident or visitor, and the Management shall always be deemed to be in full and absolute possession of the whole of the hotel premises.

13. Government rules and regulations and application of laws

Guest are requested to observe, abide by confirm to and be bound by all applicable acts and laws and Government rules and regulations in force from time to time.

14. Photographs and Video's

Using photographs and video's taken in the hotel for commercial or public purposes is illegal. Those who do so will be subject to prosecution.